Update contributing docs (#764)
iTwin/appui: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Impact of the issue
- Use the [`bug`](https://github.com/iTwin/appui/labels/bug) or [`enhancement`](https://github.com/iTwin/appui/labels/enhancement) label to identify the type of issue you are filing

Please follow your issue and be responsive, as our developers might need more information! The more information you can provide, the more likely someone will be successful reproducing the issue and finding a fix!

---

## Contributing

We'd love to accept your contributions to iTwin.js AppUI.
There are just a few guidelines you need to follow.

> All submissions go through a review process from our developers using GitHub. Consult [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more information on using pull requests.

---

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies using `rush install`.
2. Run build using `rush rebuild`.
3. While in the desired packages' folder, run `npm start` to enter build in watch mode for easy validation along the `test-apps` or `storybook` (see [Testing options](#testing-options)).

> 4. In a new terminal, `cd` into `test-apps/appui-test-aoo/standalone` and run `npm run start:webserver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In a new terminal, `cd` into `test-apps/appui-test-app/standalone` and run `npm run start:webserver`.
```

Here is a sample [changelog](https://github.com/microsoft/rushstack/blob/master/apps/rush/CHANGELOG.md) to demonstrate the level of detail expected.

---

## Contributing Guidelines

AppUI contains a large amount of legacy code. As such we are in the process of standardizing, reorganizing, and optimizing AppUI.

Before contributing to AppUI please consult [the iTwinUI styling guide](https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/blob/main/STYLEGUIDE.md)

When contributing to AppUI please keep in mind the following guidelines.

### Application Architecture

Our `ui` folder contains all our packages which are organized as following:

- `appui-react` should contain exclusively layouts. These are the largest and most complicated components in AppUI.
- `components-react` should contain exclusively widgets: smaller components that are used inside `appui-react`. Ideally should largely be combinations of iTwinUI components.
- `core-react` marked to be decrepit at some point. Currently, houses the smallest components inside AppUI. Ideally, all of these components would be replaced with the latest iTwinUI components and the entire core-react could be deleted. Rely on this as little as possible.

> - `imodel-components-react/` contains components that require a 3D environment. Used exclusively for iModels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `imodel-components-react` contains components and APIs that facilitate the integration with an [iTwin.js library](https://www.itwinjs.org/).
```

### Common issues to solve

> Common fixes are we looking to solve include, but ar e not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common fixes are we looking to solve include, but are not limited to:
```

Reviewer 2: Also `are we` words should be switched.

> - Replacing `core-react` components with iTwinUI components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replacing `@itwin/core-react` components with iTwinUI components
```

> - Deleting Snapshot tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removing snapshot testing from unit tests
```

- Migrating to functional from class based React Components

### Conventions

Please follow these conventions when contributing to AppUI

- Be sure that your branch is up to date with the master branch (i.e. `git merge origin/master`)

> - Classnames should follow this formula: [abrv. of module name] + [folder] + [component]. For example, when working inside the Message Center module on MessageCenterField on the dialog, one would use `”mc-messagecenterfield-dialog”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Classnames should follow this formula: [abbr. of package name] + [folders] + [component]. For example, when working on `MessageCenterField` component under `status-bar/fields` directory in `@itwin/appui-react` one would use `”uifw-statusBar-fields-dialog”`
```

Reviewer: Let's add a note that we intend to move to CSS modules, until we do to minimize potential class name clashes we have this naming structure.

Let's list all abbreviations as well:
- `@itwin/appui-react` - `uifw`
- `@itwin/components-react` - `components`
- `@itwin/core-react` - `core`
- `@itwin/imodel-components-react` - `icr`

- All components should import a single SCSS file with a matching name, e.g. `Message.tsx` importing `Message.scss`. SCSS files should be siblings of their relative component files.

---

## Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

A [Contribution License Agreement with Bentley](https://gist.github.com/imodeljs-admin/9a071844d3a8d420092b5cf360e978ca) must be signed before your contributions will be accepted. Upon opening a pull request, you will be prompted to use [cla-assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/) for a one-time acceptance applicable for all Bentley projects.
You can read more about [Contributor License Agreements](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement) on Wikipedia.

---

> ## Testing options

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: we should probably make casing consistent. Now in some categories all words start with a capital letter and in other categories only the first word starts with a capital letter. @GerardasB which method should be used?

Reviewer: Good point, I think we can keep only first word capitalized.

The repository is set up to allow 2 different ways of testing changes with manual interactions.

### Test apps

> In the `test-apps` folder there are 2 apps that can be used to test changes to the packages in this repository. Each app is a standalone app that can be run with `npm start` from the app's folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `test-apps` folder there are 2 apps that can be used to test changes to the packages in this repository. Each app can be run with `npm start` from the app's folder.
```

Most of the features should be the same in both apps as they are both being configured by the `appui-test-providers` package, new features should be added through this package.

The apps are:

> - `standalone`: This app is working only on the current machine and do not require log in, it is useful for testing with `.bim` files that you are on your machine. [See Readme for more info](./test-apps/appui-test-app/standalone/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `standalone`: is an iTwin.js application that is using IPC and is useful for testing with local `.bim` files that are on your machine. [See Readme for more info](./test-apps/appui-test-app/standalone/README.md)
```

Reviewer 2: If we go with this sentence structure, the semicolon should probably be removed as well. Also I believe it sounds better if we write `application that uses IPC` instead of `that is using`.

> - `connected`: This app is working with the iTwin Platform and requires log in, it is useful for testing with iModels that are on the iTwin Platform. [See Readme for more info](./test-apps/appui-test-app/connected/README.md)

Reviewer 2: If we go with this sentence structure, the semicolon should probably be removed as well. Also I believe it sounds better if we write `application that uses RPC` instead of `that is using`.
